hi ok one more vlog here this morning on
facebook with the move to improve Group
D was very generous in sharing a really
cool article about why exercising before
breakfast is really important ok wait
wait wait pre-warm pre-warn morning
morning p two people listen the thing is
is that unless your body was already
completely used to exercise prior to
going on protocol dr. simians explains
you're not supposed to exercise and his
reasoning pretty much is this and you
should guys should all know this when
reading pounds and inches he gives the
example that the Italians that were on
his protocol were very used to walking
around town via on foot and not using
their cars to get places so for them to
still do that while our protocol was not
any kind of adverse effect but the
Americans that would fly over to do his
protocol the thing was is because they
were so used to flatten yeah we fly
everywhere so he's to using cars that
what would happen is they would go to do
some sightseeing and they would do a lot
of walking around like to the museums
and whatnot and they actually found that
they were gaining and it was probably a
muscle game which is not a bad thing but
as far as them being able to see the
release that they want it was
frustrating for them so that's kind of
it in a nutshell as far as why we have
to pre award p2p to earth as far as
exercise I think my personal opinion and
you know we all know about opinions but
I'm thinking just as long as your body
is already used to whatever exercise
regime I think you've always walked your
dogs life is dog I was I love
Saul use that as an example if you've
always walked your dogs every day when
you go on p2 I wouldn't say oh my gosh
now you can't walk your dogs I mean your
body was used to that activity so I
think that's what you have to kind of
look at now to what the real reason why
I'm doing this vlog is so about too deep
so she shares this really cool article
about and I'll make sure that it's in
buddy has a Shaytards day in my pants
about you know time of day not not only
the time of day for exercising like
prior to breakfast but also he goes all
into about the benefits of whey protein
and actually when to also take that
appropriately and last but not least
which is I'm going to be the lab rat I
love being a lab rat is the peak eight
and what that was and you know a lot of
people and I'm sure like like I would
last 20 pounds I'm sure the Beachbody
program like she's she's doing it
probably has a lot of the same premise
but basically in this article it
explains like like like cuz I'm as I
call in move to improve on treadmill
girl I keep what I do very simple I
pretty much walk as fast as I can on the
treadmill and then just do light weights
for my arms so in this article it
explains about doing like a burst of
activity for like 30 seconds and then
bring it back down for 90 seconds for
your body to recover and basically
within your treadmill time do that eight
times and the author is saying basically
a of course number one it makes your
workout go that much faster because
you're burning more calories more
quickly but there's a lot of other
benefits by doing that and the whole the
whole articles there's also because it
talks about you know being able to
reduce the insulin insulin resist
why the testing did what they did
because they took people that exercise
this way as far as time of day and then
the whey protein deal versus those who
did not and they still have them both on
very high caloric diets and those that
follow that regime correctly basically
either may be gained if anything a pound
or so but or nothing they didn't gain
anything where the other ones that
didn't do their exercise plan that way
had quite a quite a big increase in
weight gain so that it was because the
full article is kind of prevost on you
know holiday eating and what happens
when you know why people gain and what
you could do to kind of I think
eliminate that but anywho I wanted to
explain how about me being a lab rat so
well I'll be doing this whole burst
thing and you know a lot some of you
might be rolling your eyes out there in
sable this is not that much different
than circuit training what's the other
one there's other different terminology
for this where you basically rip up your
heart rate and let it come back down and
wrap up your heart rate come back down
but I'm just letting you know I liked
this article a lot I thought I had a lot
of Valley built information and I
definitely i'm going to have the link so
you can get to it and again thank you so
much too d i believe i hope i don't i'm
assuming that her channel name on
youtube is probably the same as facebook
but facebook I think it's d h CT
princess and I totally completely
appreciate that you shared this it's
really a huge I think because the thing
is is that especially us p three years
and fours and
move to improve peeps and all that the
thing is is that if we're not at a point
right now where we want to or need to be
on p2 there's still a lot of stuff that
we're working at understanding and doing
for stabilization and maintenance and
all that good stuff so I really want in
hopes of being able to help all all
aspects of the HDD journey you know I
mean and so that's what not least here's
the whey protein that I prefer the
reason why I live Jay Rob's is because
he is a stevia instead of the aspartame
and way back on a Facebook people were
talking about jay robb and how they like
is his dream really is because it's
tastier than most of the other protein
drinks that are out there and and it is
the chocolate really taste good and
chocolaty and all that good stuff I
haven't tried the vanilla I did try the
pina colada it's okay I mean it's just
that I think I just really prefer the
chocolate is my deal so anyway no more
rambling just want to let you know
what's going on with the peak eight I
will keep you updated as far as results
of what happens for me but I'll tell you
this oh my gosh this is what I could
tell made such a difference I was like
soaked in sweat after just adding that
little you know exercise recipe to my
treadmill routine so you know that right
there tells you that you know my heart's
pumping and things are going so I'll let
you know let's see if there's more
releases just because I've added at all
righty game thanks a lot